Improve readme (#117)
denoland/deno_std: README.md

[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/denoland/deno_std/_apis/build/status/denoland.deno_std?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/denoland/deno_std/_build/latest?definitionId=2?branchName=master)

These modules do not have external dependencies and they are reviewed by the
Deno core team. The intention is to have a standard set of high quality code
that all Deno projects can use fearlessly.

Contributions are welcome!

## How to use

These modules are tagged in accordance with Deno releases. So, for example, the
v0.2.6 tag is guaranteed to work with deno v0.2.6.
You can link to v0.2.6 using the URL `https://deno.land/x/std@v0.2.6/`

It's strongly recommended that you link to tagged releases rather than the
master branch. The project is still young and we expect disruptive renames in
the future.

## Style Guide

### Use TypeScript

### Use the term "module" instead of "library" or "package"

For clarity and consistency avoid the terms "library" and "package". Instead use
"module" to refer to a single JS or TS file and also to refer to a directory of
TS/JS code.

### Do not use the filename `index.ts` nor `index.js`

> Deno does not treat "index.js" or "index.ts" differently. By using these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deno does not treat "index.js" or "index.ts" in a special way. By using these
```

(Otherwise it reads as "deno treats index.js and index.ts the same")
